How is Xiao Hei preparing?
Don't worry, Longzi
I have led the Dragon Tail Army to the Poseidon
As long as you give an order
Invincible since the smashing of Wobo
Haicheng garrison
Added Dragon Guard Army Double Insurance
This time I'm going to design a black society in Japan
crescent moon
I am sleeping
It's not dark so early
Attend the auction tomorrow morning
Rest early
OK.
There's still no way to wake him and the Dragon Lord up
Yes, I heard that the dragon master is decisive in killing
How can you be as easy-going as him?
Mr. Qi, I have rescued Mr. Ye
He was slightly injured
Ongoing treatment
We expect to return to Haicheng tomorrow morning. Okay.
Are you coming directly to the auction venue tomorrow?
It looks like tomorrow will be exciting